Introduction
Overview
The assignment is an individual assessment. It contributes 30% of your final marks. 

The due date for the programming exercises is on 26 October 2023, 11.59 pm (Sydney time). 

This is an assignment, and staff are not permitted to give guidance on your code or how to solve the specific problem. That is the purpose of the assessment that you are required to perform to achieve the grade.

You may ask clarification questions about the assignment description. This is often necessary to implement functionality that is otherwise ambiguous.

If you have a question to ask on Ed please search before asking. However, remember that you should not be posting any assignment code publicly, as this would constitute academic dishonesty. Also, do not wait too long before starting. This assignment needs time and sustained effort.

Late submissions are not accepted unless an approved special consideration is granted.

Task Introduction and Summary
You are writing a program that allows students such as yourself to complete an online exam. The exam can contain multiple-choice questions (single or multiple answers) and short answer questions (numerical or text). The user interface of the program is text-based. In short, students have to type in commands into the terminal instead of 'point and click'. You can see the rest of the description here: https://edstem.org/au/courses/12106/lessons/38968/slides/293370 

Programming Exercises
All submissions must be made via Ed, including any supporting documentation that is produced during the planning of the program design such as flowcharts, pseudocodes, and UML class diagrams.

To make a submission, you will need to press the "Mark" button. You may submit as many times as you wish before the due date.


Your submission will be marked using an auto-grader that checks the correctness of the program with the given specification. The marking system will automatically check your code against the public test cases after you make a submission by pressing the Mark button. If you attempt to deceive the auto-grader or do not answer the questions, 0 marks will be awarded for the question. After each submission, you will be able to view all the previous submissions and your files in the code submission section

The following rules apply to your submission:

Your submission must be able to compile and run within the Ed environment provided.

Only the files given in the scaffold codes will be started by the auto-marker. 

Ensure that you have submitted your codes with the correct file name as given in the questions' scaffold. The auto-marker will only start the files that are specified in the given scaffold.

The Python version that is presently being used on the Ed system:

$ python3 --version  
Python 3.11.3

Restrictions
The following must be read, as it says what you can and can't use.

Keywords

The following is not allowed:

for

in  (__contains__())

global

lambda

nonlocal

Built-in Functions

The following is not allowed:

all() 

any() 

dir() 

eval() 

enumerate() 

filter() 

globals()

locals()

map()

Imports

Only the following modules are allowed:

import math

import datetime

import sys 

import time

import os

import shutil

import random

import unittest

import io

any module you have written, e.g. import shop

Everything else is restricted.

Size restrictions 

A submission containing a file longer than 3000 lines or larger than 500kB will not be accepted. To check the file sizes of your files, use the bash command ls -s --block-size=KB

Help and feedback
You are encouraged to ask questions about the assignment during the Helpdesk and on the Ed discussion board; however, remember that you should not be posting any assignment code publicly, as this would constitute academic dishonesty. Also, you should not disclose your code or talk about your solutions in any of the PASS sessions.


Marking Criteria
Your marks for the assignment will be determined based on the number of test cases passed for each question as well as manual grading by your tutor. We will use the latest submission received before the due date for marking.

Automatic tests - 20/30
Your marks for this component will be the ratio of the number of test cases passed to the sum of all the test cases administered. There will be public (and hidden) testcases that are available for feedback purposes - to allow you to test the conformance of your program with respect to the description but these do not test all the functionalities described in the assignment. It is important that you thoroughly test your own code. The private test cases will only be applied after the deadline and will be different from the examples given. 

Manual grading - 10/30
The manual grading from your tutor will consider the style, layout, and comments you provide in your test_program.py and your answers in test_plan.md. During marking, your tutor will not be debugging your code and will only run test_program.py according to the directions you have given in the docstring of the file. The marks for this component will be reported to this Canvas Assignment link: https://canvas.sydney.edu.au/courses/51815/assignments/475131 

The latest submission before the due date will be used for marking. Marks will only be reported based on this single submission. Request to grade files and derive marks from a combination of different submissions will not be accepted. It is your responsibility to check that your latest submission is complete, and that you pressed the "Mark" button!

Friendly note
Sometimes we find typos or other errors in specifications. Sometimes the specification could be clearer. Students and tutors often make great suggestions for improving the specification. Therefore, this assignment specification may be clarified up to Week 10, 12th of October. No major changes will be made. Revised versions will be clearly marked in the Log of Changes slide and the most recent version will be in here.


Academic Declaration 
By submitting this assignment, you declare the following: 

I declare that I have read and understood the University of Sydney Student Plagiarism: Coursework Policy and Procedure, and except where specifically acknowledged, the work contained in this assignment is my own work and has not been copied from other sources or been previously submitted for award or assessment. I also did not use any generative AI tools (including ChatGPT) to assist in writing this assignment. 

I understand that failure to comply with the Student Plagiarism: Coursework Policy and Procedure can lead to severe penalties as outlined under Chapter 8 of the University of Sydney By-Law 1999 (as amended). These penalties may be imposed in cases where any significant portion of my submitted work has been copied without proper acknowledgment from other sources, including published works, the Internet, existing programs, the work of other students, or work previously submitted for other awards or assessments. 

I realize that I may be asked to identify those portions of the work contributed by me and required to demonstrate my knowledge of the relevant material by answering oral questions or by undertaking supplementary work, either written or in the laboratory, in order to arrive at the final assessment mark. 

I acknowledge that the School of Computer Science, in assessing this assignment, may reproduce it entirely, may provide a copy to another member of faculty, and/or communicate a copy of this assignment to a plagiarism checking service or in-house computer program, and that a copy of the assignment may be maintained by the service or the School of Computer Science for the purpose of future plagiarism checking. 